What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need 
to do it?

	When a repository is initialized a new .git directory is 
	created in the working directory. This .git directory contains
	the config and history details of the repository.

	Its an essential step because without it the git version control
	won't work.

How is the staging area different from the working
directory and the repository? What value do you think it 
offers?
	Staging area is the area which contains the file which 
	are to be added for tracking(version-control) in the 
	next commit.
	Working directory contains all the files in the 
	directory including the files which need not to be 
	tracked while staging area has only those files which we 
	want to track and will be added to git repo in the next 
	commit. 
	Staging area makes it easy to add multiple files in a 
	single commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have
one commit per logical change?

	The files can be added to staging area one by one and 
	can then be comiited to repo.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful 
in keeping your history organized? How would branches 
help?
	Branches can be used to test experimental feaatures
	, different language versions etc.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch 
structure?

	diagrams make it easy to visualize the branch
	as branches form a non-linear tree like 
	structure.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why 
do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	When two branches are merged all the changes/commits 
	of the two branches are included in a single branch.
	Using a diagram makes it easy to visualize all the 
	commits that the merged branch will have at the end.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging
 vs. always doing merges manually?

 	automatic merges are easy, in one go all the commits
 	gets added but merge conflicts may occur.
 	manual merging is tedious one has to commit every 
 	change one by one but it prevents merge conflicts.

 